Privacy Policy  
The following privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") has been established for the handling of privacy information in the service provided on Arcana (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").  
  
Article 1 Privacy Information  
The term "personal information" in privacy information refers to "personal information" as defined in the Personal Information Protection Law, and refers to information about a living individual that can be used to identify the specific individual by name, date of birth, address, telephone number, e-mail address, contact information, or other description contained in the information.  
History and characteristics information" refers to information other than "personal information" as defined above, and includes information such as services used and products purchased, history of pages and advertisements viewed, search keywords searched by the user, date and time of use, method of use, usage environment, gender, age, IP address, cookies, and other information. Age, user's IP address, cookie information, location information, and individual identification information of the device.  

Article 2 Method of Collecting Privacy Information  
The Service may ask for personal information such as email address and phone number when the user uses the Service. The Service may ask for personal information such as email address and phone number when the User uses the Service. In addition, the Service may collect information related to the User's personal information exchanged between the Service and the User from the Service's business partners (including information providers, advertisers, and ad distributors). (hereinafter referred to as "Partner").  
The Service may collect the following information about users: services used and products purchased, history of pages viewed and advertisements placed, search keywords used, date and time of use, usage method, usage environment (including the communication status of the relevant terminal when used through a mobile terminal and various setting information for use), IP address, cookie information, and individual terminal identification information. When you use the Service or the services of our business partners, we may collect historical and characteristic information such as IP address, cookie information, and individual terminal identification information.  
  
Article 3 Purpose of Collecting and Using Personal Information  
The purposes for which the Service collects and uses personal information are as follows.  
(1) In order to allow users to view or modify their registered information, or to view their usage status, the Service will display information about their registered information, such as email address, the services they have used, the products they have purchased, and their payments.  
(2) To use e-mail addresses to send notices and communications to users.  
(3) For the purpose of billing the user for payment, including the name and quantity of products purchased, the type, duration, and number of services used, and payment information such as the amount billed.  
(4) To display the information registered on this site on the input screen or to transfer the information to other services (including those provided by our partners) based on the user's instructions in order to enable the user to input data easily.  
(5) In order to refuse the use of users who have violated the terms of use of this service, such as those who have delayed payment or caused damage to a third party, or users who are trying to use the service for unfair or improper purposes, we will use information to identify contact information such as email addresses.  
(6) In order to respond to inquiries from users, we will use information necessary to provide services to users, such as the content of inquiries and billing information, as well as users' service usage status and contact information.  
(7) Purposes incidental to the above purposes of use.  
  
Article 4 Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties  
The Service shall not provide personal information to any third party without the prior consent of the User, except in the following cases. (1) When required by law.  
(1) When required by law
(2) When it is necessary to protect the life, body, or property of an individual and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual.
(3) When it is particularly necessary to improve public health or promote the sound growth of children, and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual.
(4) When the provision of personal information is necessary for cooperating with a national agency, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either of the foregoing in executing affairs prescribed by laws and regulations, and obtaining the consent of the individual is likely to impede the execution of such affairs.
(5) When the following matters are notified or announced in advance
    1. the purpose of use includes provision to a third party
    (2) Items of data to be provided to a third party
    (4) The means or method of provision to a third party
    (4) Stopping the provision of personal information to a third party at the request of the individual.

Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the following cases shall not fall under the category of third parties.
（Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, the following cases do not fall under the category of a third party: (1) When this site entrusts all or part of the handling of personal information within the scope necessary to achieve the purpose of use.
(2) When personal information is provided in connection with the succession of a business due to a merger or other reasons.
(3) In cases where personal information is to be used jointly with a specific party, and the Company notifies the individual in advance or makes it readily accessible to the individual of that fact, the items of personal information to be used jointly, the scope of the party using the information jointly, the purpose of use of the party using the information, and the name of the party responsible for the management of the personal information. or the name of the person responsible for the management of the personal information.

Article 5 Disclosure of Personal Information
When the Service is requested to disclose personal information by an individual, the Service shall disclose such information to the individual without delay. However, the Service may decide not to disclose all or part of the personal information if such disclosure would result in any of the following cases, and if the Service decides not to disclose the personal information, it will notify the person to that effect without delay.
(1) When there is a risk of harm to the life, body, property, or other rights or interests of the individual or a third party.
(2) When there is a risk of significant hindrance to the proper execution of the business of this site.
(3) When it would violate other laws and regulations.

Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the Company will not, in principle, disclose any information other than personal information, such as history and characteristics information.

Article 6 Correction and Deletion of Personal Information
In the event that a user's personal information held by the Service is incorrect, the user may request the Service to correct or delete the personal information in accordance with the procedures specified by the Site.
In the event that the Service receives a request from the User in accordance with the preceding paragraph and deems it necessary to respond to the request, the Service shall correct or delete the personal information without delay and notify the User of such correction or deletion.

Article 7 Suspension of Use of Personal Information, etc.
In the event that the Service is requested by a User to suspend the use or delete (hereinafter referred to as "suspend the use, etc.") of the User's personal information on the grounds that the information is being handled beyond the scope of the purpose of use or that the information was obtained by wrongful means, the Service shall conduct the necessary investigation and, based on the results, shall suspend the use, etc. of the personal information. However, we will not use the personal information for any other purpose. However, in cases where it is difficult to suspend the use of personal information due to high costs or other reasons, and where alternative measures necessary to protect the rights and interests of the individual can be taken, such alternative measures shall be taken.

Article 8 Changes to the Privacy Policy
The content of this policy is subject to change without notice to the user.
The contents of this policy may be changed without notice to the user. Unless otherwise specified by the service, the revised privacy policy shall become effective when it is posted on this website.

Article 9 Contact for Inquiries
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact the following.
Arcana Contact: https://twitter.com/shu801115

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
